god damn it
again I got this shit like uh well leg
at all
it's your motherfucking nigga from the
bottom of the mouth banana shake clips
on the bottom of the strap a hunting
lead sticks by a fire first rap the
yacht state is saying like a quiet when
the clamp Pete Elmo I know you heard of
the bar like yes in the casket like Berg
on the boss
lock niggas getting cash out of serving
the wrong in the M trying to flip back
to Bergen the pause sell a quarter
ounces up to half of birds on a push
shyness on a desi not a word from the
torch I draw the Trans Am before the hit
from Katrina bubbling damn gram thing I
switch to the beam I kept a gap with an
extension beam in the muscle known
innate niggas down for the cream if they
hustle your blade kind of full of meat
then you'll being sick and face a pan
the Mack about to open your shit bitch
backing with the bat first let me see if
that work swinging like a Yankees
players head crack first you lie after
that night you should've had a fax first
that I have a clip work the triggers and
backwards it's money out there and I
chase it hard I'm a gorilla and I'll
make my statements bro
there's some talkin bout joke i'ma sit
where you're standing at the net your
fuckin head where I'm spraying with the
cannon man I got the shot
keep hanging out banana black man again
watch me throw this nigga wetland
Brant Brown pulping crawl moto bull
trailer tongue shiny
we're trying to fall clippable tripping
for my buck shots coming out the wrists
and knobs on a mixing board
you old oh you better pay me kid I lose
one of your senses like AZ dead five
minutes with a Mack defender kill
something torture to get the word first
they connect across Malaysia the driver
cameras on a battery listen to your
nipples out of me then I got a bullet in
a clip here flavor beat the pits before
the rip there I know they got ways the
hold your breath but I'll know blocks
are heart I guess you gotta hold your
chest kind of slow go 75 shots and set
its mother fucking plates down hang you
stiffer from the waist down
my headshot that nickel but you acting
all hard hair fall when I keep to Zalman
like a hardware store all the way since
we're the glamour Zack I hit your face
enough had it motherfucker melt like
some Cadillacs you putting out your
flames I like mine
watch the bangers yeah
oh don't you look pissed it goes nothing
to get a makeover so ease back when I
cop the Beverly back I squeeze back you
got a black walk before then I'm a
bleeder water breaking rocks the watch
if the black helping me well I'm a
feedback Texan our banker causing apples
with at recess and you can freeze that
approach aware beings that are not gonna
go should I lose my eggs with a weed and
we have to block helping me I'm a
feedback Texan abandoned cars and yachts
with Latrese that and you can freeze
that approaching we're beans at Hakka
Negus shit a loose for axle where the
way that till free slug